{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh19900\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Alter Ego
\b0 \
\
NYC lifestyle brand. Diversity, \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
unconventionality and uniqueness \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  \
\

\b Student Discount:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Alter Ego offers 15% discounts to students. Simply fill out the contact form using your college email address and we\'92ll respond to you with a discount coupon.
\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Tops:
\b0 \
\
01_ls-top-classic\uc0\u8232 Classic Long Sleeve Tee \u8232 $48\u8232 Hey, smooth talker. This tee will have you feeling clean and classy like a Cadillac. 100% Heavyweight Cotton.\
\
02_hoodie-OJ\
OJ Hoodie \uc0\u8232 $68\u8232 Is there anything better than a freshly squeezed glass of OJ? Didn\'92t think so. Show your support for this long loved juice. Classic Alter Ego Heavyweight Fit.\
\
03_ls-top-nirvana\
Nirvana Long Sleeve Tee \uc0\u8232 $48\
I wanted to be in a punk band before I even heard any punk music. Our striped Nirvana tee is unisex, featuring an oversized and slightly boxy fit.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\partightenfactor0
\cf0 04_hoodie-VHS\
VHS Hoodie \uc0\u8232 $68\u8232 *hits rewind on life, goes back to sleep* Unisex hoodie with motif of ancient technology, drawstring hood, and kangaroo-style front pocket.\
\
05_tshirt-dolphin\
Dolphin Tee \uc0\u8232 $28\u8232 Dolphins sometimes swim with in a crew of 1000 and more. You too can roll deep in this soft n\'92 faded periwinkle crewneck with print on front. \
\
06_ls-top-racer\uc0\u8232 Racer Long Sleeve Tee \u8232 $48\
Skr skr. Long sleeve tee with faded graphic on the chest and back. Illegally soft midweight cotton, probably the softest most comfortable tee you'll ever wear.\
\
07_tshirt-lovely\uc0\u8232 Lovely Tee \u8232 $28\u8232 Isn\'92t she lovely? This cutie tee is soft, prewashed lightweight cotton that will grace your skin like freshly scented powder, summer breeze\'85all that jazz.\u8232 \
08_ls-top-logo-stripe\
Logo Striped Long Sleeve Tee\
$48\
Alter Ego captures the spirit of London punk, East Coast hip hop and 90s nostalgia. Enjoy the ride in this unisex oversized tee. Made in the USA.\
\
09_tshirt-youth\
Youth and Love Tee\uc0\u8232 $28\
Summer breeze, long drives, a full sky of stars. Remember whatever you dreamed of when you were young and wide-eyed in this soft pre-washed crewneck tee.\
\
\
\

\b Bottoms
\b0 :\uc0\u8232 \u8232 01_plaid-flare\u8232 Plaid Chain Flares\
$78\uc0\u8232 Clueless meets Daria. High-waisted 90s-inspired plaid pants with a flared bottom hem, zip fly, front and back pockets, and attached chain belt.\
\
02_soft-pants\
Super Soft Pants\
$48\
How can you know what you\'92re missing when you\'92ve never had pants as soft as these in your life? Made of pillowy soft Supima Cotton, you\'92ll never change again.\
\
03_basic-denim\
Basic Straightleg Denim\uc0\u8232 $78\
Things don\'92t always need to be so complicated. Sturdy-yet-soft denim so you can do all your favorite things: play with dogs and eat food. 32\'94 inseam.\
\
\
\

\b Shoes
\b0 :\
\
01_silver-chunky-sneaker\uc0\u8232 Meteor Runner Sneaker\
$112\uc0\u8232 Run to the galaxy and back in these trendy chunky gel-lined sneaks. Well okay, they\'92re mostly for showing up \'97 stuntin\'92 on em is the journey. US Women sizes.\
\
02_black-chunky-sneaker\uc0\u8232 Disruption Sneaker\u8232 $112 - SALE $88\
Nothing beats a fresh pair of lace up, padded for comfort chunky sole sneakers. Pull tabs help make getting on them a little easier. \
\
\
03_white-combat-boot\uc0\u8232 Luna Boot\u8232 $158\u8232 White lace up combat boots with punk-inspired details, air-cushioned sole, metal eyelets and a slightly raised heel. \
\
\
04_checkered-slide\
Finish Line Slides\uc0\u8232 $34\u8232 Get a head start on summer in these fun, check patterned slides. Waterproof and lightweight, you\'92ll lap everyone in sight.\
\
\
\

\b Accessories:\

\b0 \
01_pink-cosmo\uc0\u8232 Pink Cosmo Sunglasses\
$24\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Kirakira lovers, it\'92s your time to shine. Translucent pink sunglasses with sparkly baby pink tinted shades. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
02_scarlet-lady\
Scarlet Lady Sunglasses\uc0\u8232 $24\u8232 Meow! Red acrylic 90s-inspired shades with tinted lenses. Warning: extreme cat eye frame may result in fire looks. \u8232 \u8232 03_tommy-hat\u8232 Tommy Hat\u8232 $24\
Plaid bucket cap inspired by Tommy Boy Records, the rap label that released RuPaul\'92s dance/house album\'a0Supermodel of The World in 1993.\
\
04_shout-beanie\uc0\u8232 Shout Out Beanie\u8232 $34\
Where my queens at? Thick rib knit with an XL contrast pom, this hat has your back in all types of weather.\
\
05_alter-ego-stickers\uc0\u8232 Alter Ego Sticker Pack\u8232 $10\u8232 One for you, one for me\'85 High quality vinyl Alter Ego stickers for anywhere and everywhere. Sharing is cool.}